Update proposal motivations (#63)
rricard/proposal-const-value-types: README.md

The goal of this proposal is to introduce deeply constant/immutable data structures to JavaScript. It has multiple objectives:

> - Add guaranteed deep immutable data structures at a language-level that provide similar manipulation idioms as objects

Reviewer: manipulation idioms, or access idioms?

Author: spreads are common manip idioms.

## Prior work on immutable data structures in JavaScript

> Today, a few libraries implement similar concepts such as [Immutable.js](https://immutable-js.github.io/immutable-js/). Also [a previous proposal attempt](https://github.com/sebmarkbage/ecmascript-immutable-data-structures) has been done previously but abandoned because of the complexity of the proposal and lack of sufficient use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today, userland libraries implement similar concepts, such as [Immutable.js](https://immutable-js.github.io/immutable-js/). Also [a previous proposal attempt](https://github.com/sebmarkbage/ecmascript-immutable-data-structures) has been done previously but abandoned because of the complexity of the proposal and lack of sufficient use cases.
```

Reviewer 2: You may want to mention immer as well - in particular I’d be interested in seeing reasons why immer isn’t sufficient.

Author: This is covered at the end. Immer is orthogonal

Reviewer: Well, orthogonal is a bit strong, but more that immer operates on regular objects / frozen objects, and provides a pattern for pretending to mutate them through proxies and reducers, and returns frozen objects. We mention the pattern lower in the doc as a good solution that also sits well on top of records/tuples.

Author: yes sorry, orthogonal is indeed a big of a stretch. the point is, you could make immer output records instead of frozen objects if you wanted to

This new proposal is still inspired by this previous proposal but introduces some significant changes: Record and Tuples are now deeply immutable which can lead to simplifications across the board in the implementation, additionally we're trying to make sure existing mechanisms in the engines could support this feature with minimal work.

This proposal also offers a few usability advantages compared to userland libraries:

> - Value types are easily introspectable in a debugger while library immutable types are often hard to inspect as you have to inspect through implementation details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Value types are easily introspectable in a debugger while library provided immutable types are often hard to inspect as you have to inspect through implementation details
```

> - By using different language idioms (method calls) those immutable objects need additional branching to be handled when writing a generic library that could consume both immutable and js objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Because library provided immutable types use different access idioms (method calls), additional branching is needed in order to write a generic library that consumes both immutable and JS objects
```

- Ultimately in large projects, the risk of mixing immutable and mutable datastructures grows as a state management tree grows as well. This leads to bugs down the line.
- Because of beforementioned arguments, the need to convert to and from js objects grows over time and cancels out the advantages of the libraries.

> [Immer](https://github.com/mweststrate/immer) could have been mentioned before but it is more of a pattern in itself than a datastructure library (Immer produces frozen objects). This same pattern could be adapted to the value types of this proposal easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Immer](https://github.com/mweststrate/immer) is a notable approach to immutable data structures, and prescribes a pattern for manipulation through producers and reducers. This same pattern can be adapted to the value types of this proposal.
```

> [Immer](https://github.com/mweststrate/immer) is a notable approach to immutable data structures, and prescribes a pattern for manipulation through producers and reducers. It is not however providing an immutable data types, as it generates frozen objects. This same pattern can be adapted to the value types of this proposal additionally to frozen objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Immer](https://github.com/mweststrate/immer) is a notable approach to immutable data structures, and prescribes a pattern for manipulation through producers and reducers. It is not however providing an immutable data types, as it generates frozen objects. This same pattern can be adapted to the value types of this proposal in addition to frozen objects.
```

> Finally, this proposal defines what deep equality means by limiting what a value type can be and can contain. Deep equality in JS has always been up to the users and userland libraries so far and concceptions of what a deep equality can vary. In the domain of value types (including `string` and `number`) this proposal adds a greater generalization of those concepts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, this proposal defines what deep equality means by limiting what a value type can be and can contain. Deep equality in JS has always been user defined and said definition of deep equality can vary significantly across libraries and domains. In the domain of value types (including `string` and `number`) this proposal adds a greater generalization of those concepts.
```
